BEFORE,.PRESIDENT’ NEW BUDGET IS SET TO COME OUT AND IT’S SETTING
SET TO COME OUT AND IT’S SETTING UP A FIGHT OVER, YOU GUESSED IT,
UP A FIGHT OVER, YOU GUESSED IT, THE BORDER.
THE BORDER. >>> BUT FIRST BREAKING NEWS FROM
>>> BUT FIRST BREAKING NEWS FROM AXIOS, LEAKED REMARKS FROM
AXIOS, LEAKED REMARKS FROM PRESIDENT TRUMP TO RNC DONORS AT
PRESIDENT TRUMP TO RNC DONORS AT MAR-A-LAGO ON FRIDAY.
MAR-A-LAGO ON FRIDAY. ACCORDING TO THREE SOURCES THE
ACCORDING TO THREE SOURCES THE PRESIDENT ADDRESSED THE
PRESIDENT ADDRESSED THE CONTROVERSY OVER CONGRESSWOMAN
CONTROVERSY OVER CONGRESSWOMAN ILHAN OMAR’S HUNT COMMENTS MANY
ILHAN OMAR’S HUNT COMMENTS MANY FOUND ANTI-SEMITIC BY SAYING,
FOUND ANTI-SEMITIC BY SAYING, QUOTE, THE DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH
QUOTE, THE DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH PEOPLE.
PEOPLE. BASED ON AXIOS’ REPORTING,
BASED ON AXIOS’ REPORTING, TRUBISKY SAID HE DIDN’T
TRUBISKY SAID HE DIDN’T UNDERSTAND HOW A JEWISH PERSON
UNDERSTAND HOW A JEWISH PERSON COULD VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT.
COULD VOTE FOR A DEMOCRAT. HE TOUTED ALL HE HAD DONE WITH
HE TOUTED ALL HE HAD DONE WITH ISRAEL, NOTING HIS HISTORIC
ISRAEL, NOTING HIS HISTORIC DECISION TO MOVE THE EMBASSY
DECISION TO MOVE THE EMBASSY FROM TEL AVIV TO JERUSALEM.
FROM TEL AVIV TO JERUSALEM. THE PRESIDENT MUSED, IF HE COULD
THE PRESIDENT MUSED, IF HE COULD RUN FOR PRIME MINISTER OF
RUN FOR PRIME MINISTER OF ISRAEL, HE WOULD BE AT 97% IN
ISRAEL, HE WOULD BE AT 97% IN THE POLLS.
THE POLLS. THE COMMENTS THE PRESIDENT MADE
THE COMMENTS THE PRESIDENT MADE BEHIND CLOSED DOORS GO A STEP
BEHIND CLOSED DOORS GO A STEP FURTHER THAN WHAT HE TOLD WHITE
FURTHER THAN WHAT HE TOLD WHITE HOUSE REPORTERS ON SATURDAY.
HOUSE REPORTERS ON SATURDAY. >> THE DEMOCRATS HAVE BECOME AN
>> THE DEMOCRATS HAVE BECOME AN ANTI-ISRAEL PARTY.
ANTI-ISRAEL PARTY. THEY’VE BECOME AN ANTI-JEWISH
THEY’VE BECOME AN ANTI-JEWISH PARTY.
PARTY. AND I THOUGHT THAT VOTE WAS A
AND I THOUGHT THAT VOTE WAS A DISGRACE AND 0 DOES EVERYBODY
DISGRACE AND 0 DOES EVERYBODY ELSE
ELSE ELSE IF YOU GET AN HONEST
ELSE IF YOU GET AN HONEST ANSWER.
ANSWER. >> IN THAT I WOULD LIKE TO
>> IN THAT I WOULD LIKE TO WELCOME IN MY PANEL JOHNATHAN
WELCOME IN MY PANEL JOHNATHAN SWAN IN HIS NEWSLETTER AND
SWAN IN HIS NEWSLETTER AND COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR OF THE
COMMUNICATIONS DIRECTOR OF THE TRUMP 20 RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN
TRUMP 20 RE-ELECTION CAMPAIGN MARK LOTTER.
MARK LOTTER. JONATHAN SWAN, I WILL START WITH
JONATHAN SWAN, I WILL START WITH YOU.
YOU. TAKE US BEHIND THE SCENES OF
TAKE US BEHIND THE SCENES OF THESE REMARKS.
THESE REMARKS. YOU SAY YOU HAVE THREE SOURCES
YOU SAY YOU HAVE THREE SOURCES TELLING YOU THIS IS WHAT
TELLING YOU THIS IS WHAT HAPPENED IN THE ROOM BUT IT
HAPPENED IN THE ROOM BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE THEY WENT TO SOME
SOUNDS LIKE THEY WENT TO SOME LENGTHS TO TRY TO GET THIS FROM
LENGTHS TO TRY TO GET THIS FROM GETTING OUT THERE.
GETTING OUT THERE. >> IT WAS ACTUALLY IN THE TENT
>> IT WAS ACTUALLY IN THE TENT IS THE RIGHT WAY TO DESCRIBE IT.
IS THE RIGHT WAY TO DESCRIBE IT. THEY REEKTEDERECTED A POOL OVER
THEY REEKTEDERECTED A POOL OVER MAR-A-LAGO, BEAUTIFUL TENT WITH
MAR-A-LAGO, BEAUTIFUL TENT WITH CHANDELIERS.
CHANDELIERS. THIS TIME BECAUSE THEY DIDN’T
THIS TIME BECAUSE THEY DIDN’T WANT ANY LEAKING, THEY MADE ALL
WANT ANY LEAKING, THEY MADE ALL OF THE GUESTS PUT THEIR CELL
OF THE GUESTS PUT THEIR CELL PHONES INTO POUCHES WITH MAGNETS
PHONES INTO POUCHES WITH MAGNETS SO YOU HAD THEM IN THESE
SO YOU HAD THEM IN THESE MAGNETIZED POUCHES AND YOU CAN
MAGNETIZED POUCHES AND YOU CAN ONLY UNMAGNETIZE IT WHEN YOU
ONLY UNMAGNETIZE IT WHEN YOU LEFT.
LEFT. BUT PEOPLE REMEMBER THINGS AND
BUT PEOPLE REMEMBER THINGS AND STORE THINGS IN THEIR MIND.
STORE THINGS IN THEIR MIND. SO, YES, WHAT YOU SET UP IS
SO, YES, WHAT YOU SET UP IS EXACTLY RIGHT.
EXACTLY RIGHT. I SHOULD ADD LIKE THIS WAS
I SHOULD ADD LIKE THIS WAS RECEIVED INCREDIBLY WELL IN THE
RECEIVED INCREDIBLY WELL IN THE ROOM, ROARING LAUGHTER, CHEERS,
ROOM, ROARING LAUGHTER, CHEERS, ET CETERA.
ET CETERA. AND IT WAS TRUMP TAKING IT TO
AND IT WAS TRUMP TAKING IT TO ANOTHER LEVEL.
ANOTHER LEVEL. I DON’T THINK I HAVE HEARD HIM
I DON’T THINK I HAVE HEARD HIM SAY FLAT OUT DEMOCRATS HATE
SAY FLAT OUT DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH PEOPLE BUT THAT WAS A
JEWISH PEOPLE BUT THAT WAS A DIRECT QUOTE.
DIRECT QUOTE. >> THAT WAS JEFF MASON WHO
>> THAT WAS JEFF MASON WHO COVERS THE WHITE HOUSE EVERY
COVERS THE WHITE HOUSE EVERY DAY.
DAY. >> HAVEN’T HEARD HIM SAY THAT,
>> HAVEN’T HEARD HIM SAY THAT, NO.
NO. >> BUT I THINK WHAT’S IMPORTANT
>> BUT I THINK WHAT’S IMPORTANT HERE IS TO LOOK AT JONATHAN’S
HERE IS TO LOOK AT JONATHAN’S REPORTING AND ANALYZE WHAT THE
REPORTING AND ANALYZE WHAT THE PRESIDENT IS DOING.
PRESIDENT IS DOING. THIS IS BUILDING ON WHAT HE SAID
THIS IS BUILDING ON WHAT HE SAID ON FRIDAY TO WHITE HOUSE
ON FRIDAY TO WHITE HOUSE REPORTERS.
REPORTERS. HE’S TRYING TO PAINT HIMSELF AS
HE’S TRYING TO PAINT HIMSELF AS THE ONLY CANDIDATE WHO SHOULD BE
THE ONLY CANDIDATE WHO SHOULD BE GETTING JEWISH VOTES IN 2020.
GETTING JEWISH VOTES IN 2020. AND TRYING TO PAINT THE
AND TRYING TO PAINT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY WITH THE BROAD
DEMOCRATIC PARTY WITH THE BROAD BRUSH BECAUSE OF SOMETHING THAT
BRUSH BECAUSE OF SOMETHING THAT ONE CONGRESS PERSON SAID.
ONE CONGRESS PERSON SAID. CLEARLY IT’S CREATED CHALLENGES
CLEARLY IT’S CREATED CHALLENGES FOR THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY BUT
FOR THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY BUT $NOT TRUE TO SAY ALL DEMOCRATS
$NOT TRUE TO SAY ALL DEMOCRATS HATE VIEWS.
HATE VIEWS. >> MARK, DO YOU AGREE -- YOU’RE
>> MARK, DO YOU AGREE -- YOU’RE THE SPOKESMAN FOR THE PRESIDENT’
THE SPOKESMAN FOR THE PRESIDENT’ CAMPAIGN, DO YOU THINK DEMOCRATS
CAMPAIGN, DO YOU THINK DEMOCRATS HATE JEWISH PEOPLE?
HATE JEWISH PEOPLE? >> I’M NOT GOING TO USE THAT
>> I’M NOT GOING TO USE THAT LANGUAGE SPECIFICALLY BUT I
LANGUAGE SPECIFICALLY BUT I THINK IT’S IMPORTANT FOR THIS
THINK IT’S IMPORTANT FOR THIS MESSAGE TO GET OUT THAT THERE
MESSAGE TO GET OUT THAT THERE ARE MANY THINGS THAT THE
ARE MANY THINGS THAT THE DEMOCRATS HAVE DONE IN RECENT
DEMOCRATS HAVE DONE IN RECENT YEARS, NOT JUST IN RECENT MONTHS
YEARS, NOT JUST IN RECENT MONTHS WITH ONE CONGRESSWOMAN’S QUOTES.
WITH ONE CONGRESSWOMAN’S QUOTES. LET’S REMEMBER PRESIDENT OBAMA
LET’S REMEMBER PRESIDENT OBAMA WAS WIDELY AND CORRECT LIP
WAS WIDELY AND CORRECT LIP CALLED THE
CALLED THE CORRECTLY CALLED THE MOST
CORRECTLY CALLED THE MOST ANTI-U.S. PRESIDENT IN U.S.
ANTI-U.S. PRESIDENT IN U.S. HISTORY AND THAT’S SOMETHING
HISTORY AND THAT’S SOMETHING PEOPLE REMEMBER.
PEOPLE REMEMBER. THIS IS BUILDING UPON WHAT THE
THIS IS BUILDING UPON WHAT THE PRESIDENT DID DURING THE 2016
PRESIDENT DID DURING THE 2016 CAMPAIGN WHEN HE WOULD GO TO
CAMPAIGN WHEN HE WOULD GO TO DIFFERENT VOTING BLOCS AND MAYBE
DIFFERENT VOTING BLOCS AND MAYBE SOME WHO DID NOT TRADITIONALLY
SOME WHO DID NOT TRADITIONALLY VOTE REPUBLICAN, VOTED DEMOCRAT,
VOTE REPUBLICAN, VOTED DEMOCRAT, AND SAID GIVE US A CHANCE.
AND SAID GIVE US A CHANCE. HE’S MAKING THE CASE AS HE’S
HE’S MAKING THE CASE AS HE’S SHOWING IN MANY CASES THE
SHOWING IN MANY CASES THE ACTIONS OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
ACTIONS OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY HAVE NOT BEEN IN THE FAVOR OF
HAVE NOT BEEN IN THE FAVOR OF ISRAEL AND THIS IS THE LATEST
ISRAEL AND THIS IS THE LATEST EXAMPLE OF IT.
EXAMPLE OF IT. >> IF THIS IS THE CASE, THOUGH,
>> IF THIS IS THE CASE, THOUGH, WHY ARE THE MEMBERS OF CONGRESS
WHY ARE THE MEMBERS OF CONGRESS WHO ARE JEWISH, THE ELECTED
WHO ARE JEWISH, THE ELECTED PEOPLE, OVERWHELMINGLY
PEOPLE, OVERWHELMINGLY DEMOCRATS?
DEMOCRATS? THERE ARE ONLY A HANDFUL OF
THERE ARE ONLY A HANDFUL OF JEWISH REPUBLICANS.
JEWISH REPUBLICANS. >> I UNDERSTAND, IT’S A LONG,
>> I UNDERSTAND, IT’S A LONG, HISTORIC TREND.
HISTORIC TREND. BUT WHAT THE PRESIDENT IS SAYING
BUT WHAT THE PRESIDENT IS SAYING IS IT’S TIME FOR PEOPLE TO BREAK
IS IT’S TIME FOR PEOPLE TO BREAK THROUGH THOSE TRADITIONAL
THROUGH THOSE TRADITIONAL POLITICAL ALLEGIANCES, TAKE A
POLITICAL ALLEGIANCES, TAKE A LOOK AT THE RESULTS IN TERMS OF
LOOK AT THE RESULTS IN TERMS OF THINGS THAT HAPPENED NOT ONLY
THINGS THAT HAPPENED NOT ONLY JUST UNDER PRESIDENT TRUMP BUT
JUST UNDER PRESIDENT TRUMP BUT ALSO GO BACK AND LOOK AT SOME OF
ALSO GO BACK AND LOOK AT SOME OF THE THINGS THAT HAVE HAPPENED IN
THE THINGS THAT HAVE HAPPENED IN RECENT YEARS, AS I SAID, WITH
RECENT YEARS, AS I SAID, WITH PRESIDENT OBAMA.
PRESIDENT OBAMA. YOU HAD THE U.S. ABSTAINING ON
YOU HAD THE U.S. ABSTAINING ON U.N. ACTION THAT CONDEMNED
U.N. ACTION THAT CONDEMNED ISRAEL, FIRST TIME IN A LONG
ISRAEL, FIRST TIME IN A LONG TIME, IF EVER, WE HAD DONE THAT.
TIME, IF EVER, WE HAD DONE THAT. UNDER THE PREVIOUS
UNDER THE PREVIOUS ADMINISTRATION, THERE ARE A LOT
ADMINISTRATION, THERE ARE A LOT OF THINGS THAT THE REPUBLICANS
OF THINGS THAT THE REPUBLICANS AND PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING
AND PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING THAT’S PRO-ISRAEL.
THAT’S PRO-ISRAEL. >> YOU THINK THAT ADDS UP TO
>> YOU THINK THAT ADDS UP TO DEMOCRATS HAZING JEWISH PEOPLE?
DEMOCRATS HAZING JEWISH PEOPLE? >> I THINK THERE’S BEEN A LOT OF
>> I THINK THERE’S BEEN A LOT OF ANTI-JEWISH SENTIMENT SHOWN IN
ANTI-JEWISH SENTIMENT SHOWN IN RECENT YEARS AND THIS IS THE
RECENT YEARS AND THIS IS THE PRESIDENT HIGHLIGHTING IT.
PRESIDENT HIGHLIGHTING IT. >> JONATHAN SWAN, SETTING THAT
>> JONATHAN SWAN, SETTING THAT ASIDE FOR A SECOND, THERE WAS A
ASIDE FOR A SECOND, THERE WAS A LOT MORE IN THE REMARKS.
LOT MORE IN THE REMARKS. THERE WAS A COMMENT SPECIFICALLY
THERE WAS A COMMENT SPECIFICALLY ABOUT BLACKFACE AS WELL.
ABOUT BLACKFACE AS WELL. WHAT WAS SAID?
WHAT WAS SAID? >> THE WAY IT WAS DESCRIBED TO
>> THE WAY IT WAS DESCRIBED TO ME BY THREE SEPARATE PEOPLE WHO
ME BY THREE SEPARATE PEOPLE WHO WERE IN THE TENT WAS TRUMP WENT
WERE IN THE TENT WAS TRUMP WENT ON A TANGENT ABOUT HOW HE WAS
ON A TANGENT ABOUT HOW HE WAS HOME ALONE AT THE WHITE HOUSE
HOME ALONE AT THE WHITE HOUSE OVER CHRISTMAS AND HE
OVER CHRISTMAS AND HE DESCRIBED -- HE DESCRIBED THE
DESCRIBED -- HE DESCRIBED THE SCENE OF OPENING THE CURTAIN AND
SCENE OF OPENING THE CURTAIN AND LOOKING OUT THE WINDOW AND
LOOKING OUT THE WINDOW AND SEEING SECRET SERVICE AGENTS
SEEING SECRET SERVICE AGENTS WITH NIGHT VISION GOGGLES, AND
WITH NIGHT VISION GOGGLES, AND HE JOKED THEY WERE IN BLACKFACE
HE JOKED THEY WERE IN BLACKFACE BECAUSE THEY HAD MASKS ON, AND
BECAUSE THEY HAD MASKS ON, AND HE SAID NOW THEY’RE IN BLACKFACE
HE SAID NOW THEY’RE IN BLACKFACE SO WE NEED TO GET RID OF THEM OR
SO WE NEED TO GET RID OF THEM OR SOMETHING.
SOMETHING. HE WAS CLEARLY MAKING A JOKE
HE WAS CLEARLY MAKING A JOKE ABOUT RAFFLE NORTHAMLPH NORTHAM
ABOUT RAFFLE NORTHAMLPH NORTHAM CONTROVERSY IN VIRGINIA.
CONTROVERSY IN VIRGINIA. IT DID SOUND A LITTLE -- YOU
IT DID SOUND A LITTLE -- YOU KNOW, WHEN HE GOATS ON THOSE
KNOW, WHEN HE GOATS ON THOSE TANK
TANK TANGENTS.
TANGENTS. >> MARC, YOU’RE KIND OF ON THE
>> MARC, YOU’RE KIND OF ON THE SPOT WITH THESE COMMENTS BUT IS
SPOT WITH THESE COMMENTS BUT IS IT EVER ACCEPTABLE TO JOKE ABOUT
IT EVER ACCEPTABLE TO JOKE ABOUT BLACKFACE?
BLACKFACE? >> I THINK HE’S JOKING THE
>> I THINK HE’S JOKING THE TACTICAL GEAR AND MASKS WORN BY
TACTICAL GEAR AND MASKS WORN BY THE SECRET SERVICE ARE BLACK AND
THE SECRET SERVICE ARE BLACK AND GIVEN THE RECENT CONTROVERSY
GIVEN THE RECENT CONTROVERSY THEY WOULD HAVE TO CHANGE THAT.
THEY WOULD HAVE TO CHANGE THAT. IT WAS A JOKE.
IT WAS A JOKE. AGAIN, YOUR REPORTING INDICATED
AGAIN, YOUR REPORTING INDICATED PEOPLE LAUGHED AND SAW THAT FOR
PEOPLE LAUGHED AND SAW THAT FOR WHAT THAT WAS.
WHAT THAT WAS. >> SO IT WAS A JOKE AND ALSO THE
>> SO IT WAS A JOKE AND ALSO THE REPUBLICAN DONORS IN THE ROOM
REPUBLICAN DONORS IN THE ROOM THOUGHT IT WAS FUNNY?
THOUGHT IT WAS FUNNY? >> YOU’RE REPORTING ON IT.
>> YOU’RE REPORTING ON IT. I WAS NOT IN THE ROOM, SO --
I WAS NOT IN THE ROOM, SO -- >> DO YOU DISPUTE ANY OF THIS AS
>> DO YOU DISPUTE ANY OF THIS AS A SPOKESMAN FOR THE TRUMP
A SPOKESMAN FOR THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN?
CAMPAIGN? DO YOU DISPUTE ANYTHING?
DO YOU DISPUTE ANYTHING? >> I WASN’T THERE.
>> I WASN’T THERE. WHEN I SAW JONATHAN’S REPORT
WHEN I SAW JONATHAN’S REPORT TONIGHT, CHICKED WITH SOME FOLKS
TONIGHT, CHICKED WITH SOME FOLKS WHO ALSO WEREN’T THERE BUT HEARD
WHO ALSO WEREN’T THERE BUT HEARD SIMILAR STORIES FROM FOLKS THEY
SIMILAR STORIES FROM FOLKS THEY TALKED TO THAT WERE THERE.
TALKED TO THAT WERE THERE. I THINK WHAT’S IMPORTANT IS THE
I THINK WHAT’S IMPORTANT IS THE CONTEXT.
CONTEXT. THIS IS THE PRESIDENT HOLDING
THIS IS THE PRESIDENT HOLDING COURT, SO TO SPEAK, WITH CLOSE
COURT, SO TO SPEAK, WITH CLOSE ADVISERS, FRIENDS, LONGTIME
ADVISERS, FRIENDS, LONGTIME MAR-A-LAGO GUESTS AND REPUBLICAN
MAR-A-LAGO GUESTS AND REPUBLICAN DONORS.
DONORS. HE’S TELLING STORIES.
HE’S TELLING STORIES. HE’S RECOUNTING VARIOUS THINGS.
HE’S RECOUNTING VARIOUS THINGS. IT IS NOT PREPARED REMARKS OR
IT IS NOT PREPARED REMARKS OR ANYTHING.
ANYTHING. IT’S THE PRESIDENT UP THERE
IT’S THE PRESIDENT UP THERE ENGAGING WITH FOLKS THAT WAS
ENGAGING WITH FOLKS THAT WAS WELL RECEIVED ACCORDING TO YOUR
WELL RECEIVED ACCORDING TO YOUR REPORTING AND JONATHAN AND I
REPORTING AND JONATHAN AND I THINK THAT’S WHAT IT WAS
THINK THAT’S WHAT IT WAS INTENDED TO BE, VERY JUST
INTENDED TO BE, VERY JUST INFORMAL, STORY TELLING.
INFORMAL, STORY TELLING. >> YOU’RE SAYING IT WAS SORT OF
>> YOU’RE SAYING IT WAS SORT OF NORMAL?
NORMAL? >> I’M SAYING HE WAS
>> I’M SAYING HE WAS ENTERTAINING A CROWD ON MANY
ENTERTAINING A CROWD ON MANY ISSUES.
ISSUES. THOSE ARE THE THINGS YOU
THOSE ARE THE THINGS YOU HIGHLIGHTS.
HIGHLIGHTS. IT WAS PRETTY LONG -- FROM WHAT
IT WAS PRETTY LONG -- FROM WHAT I UNDERSTAND, HE SPOKE FOR A
I UNDERSTAND, HE SPOKE FOR A WHILE.
WHILE. >> JEFF MASON, YOU COVERED MANY
>> JEFF MASON, YOU COVERED MANY PRESIDENTS.
PRESIDENTS. HOW WOULD YOU CHARACTERIZE THIS
HOW WOULD YOU CHARACTERIZE THIS SORT OF LANGUAGE TOWARDS JEWISH
SORT OF LANGUAGE TOWARDS JEWISH PEOPLE, JOKING ABOUT BLACKFACE,
PEOPLE, JOKING ABOUT BLACKFACE, COMPARED TO OTHER PRESIDENTS
COMPARED TO OTHER PRESIDENTS THAT YOU COVERED?
THAT YOU COVERED? >> WELL, I THINK IT’S BEEN TWO
>> WELL, I THINK IT’S BEEN TWO YEARS PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS BEEN
YEARS PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS BEEN IN OFFICE AND HE RAN THE 2016
IN OFFICE AND HE RAN THE 2016 CAMPAIGN AND BUSTED THROUGH A
CAMPAIGN AND BUSTED THROUGH A LOT OF NORMS.
LOT OF NORMS. SO I THINK WE’RE SEEING THAT
SO I THINK WE’RE SEEING THAT HAPPEN HERE AND THERE’S NO DOUBT
HAPPEN HERE AND THERE’S NO DOUBT IT WILL BE HAPPENING IN THE NEXT
IT WILL BE HAPPENING IN THE NEXT COUPLE OF YEARS.
COUPLE OF YEARS. BUT IS IT A NORM THAT IS BUSTED
BUT IS IT A NORM THAT IS BUSTED THROUGH.
THROUGH. IT IS UNUSUAL.
IT IS UNUSUAL. >> UNDERSTATEMENT.
>> UNDERSTATEMENT. REPUBLICAN DONORS ALSO TOLD
REPUBLICAN DONORS ALSO TOLD JONATHAN THE PRESIDENT INSISTED
JONATHAN THE PRESIDENT INSISTED ON FRIDAY THAT THEY NEVER CALLED
ON FRIDAY THAT THEY NEVER CALLED APPLE CEO TIM COOK TIM APPLE.
APPLE CEO TIM COOK TIM APPLE. THE SOURCES SAY THE PERFECTS
THE SOURCES SAY THE PERFECTS CLAIMED IT WAS, QUOTE, FAKE NEWS
CLAIMED IT WAS, QUOTE, FAKE NEWS AND TOLD THEM HE ACTUALLY SAID
AND TOLD THEM HE ACTUALLY SAID TIM COOK APPLE BUT JUST SAID IT
TIM COOK APPLE BUT JUST SAID IT REALLY FAST AND THE COOK PART
REALLY FAST AND THE COOK PART WAS TOO SOFT.
WAS TOO SOFT. LET’S GO TO THE VIDEOTAPE ON
LET’S GO TO THE VIDEOTAPE ON THAT.
THAT. >> WE HAVE SO MANY COMPANIES
>> WE HAVE SO MANY COMPANIES COMING IN, PEOPLE LIKE TIM,
COMING IN, PEOPLE LIKE TIM, YOU’RE EXPANDING ALL OVER AND
YOU’RE EXPANDING ALL OVER AND DOING THINGS I REALLY WANTED DO
DOING THINGS I REALLY WANTED DO RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING.
RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING. I SAID TIM, YOU HAVE TO START
I SAID TIM, YOU HAVE TO START DOING IT OVER HERE AND YOU
DOING IT OVER HERE AND YOU REALLY HAVE.
REALLY HAVE. YOU REALLY PUT A BIG INVESTMENT
YOU REALLY PUT A BIG INVESTMENT IN OUR COUNTRY, THANK YOU VERY
IN OUR COUNTRY, THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
MUCH. TIM APPLE.
TIM APPLE. >> DID YOU HEAR COOK?
>> DID YOU HEAR COOK? ANYONE HEAR COOK?
ANYONE HEAR COOK? >> THERE’S DEFINITIVELY NOT A
>> THERE’S DEFINITIVELY NOT A WORD BETWEEN TIM AND APPLE IN
WORD BETWEEN TIM AND APPLE IN THAT VIDEO.
THAT VIDEO. >> SERIOUSLY, THIS IS NOT THE
>> SERIOUSLY, THIS IS NOT THE FIRST TIME THE PRESIDENT
FIRST TIME THE PRESIDENT DISPUTED SOMETHING WE’VE SEEN ON
DISPUTED SOMETHING WE’VE SEEN ON A VIDEO, JONATHAN SWAN.
A VIDEO, JONATHAN SWAN. >> YES, HE PRIVATELY IN "THE NEW
>> YES, HE PRIVATELY IN "THE NEW YORK TIMES" TOLD AT LEAST ONE
YORK TIMES" TOLD AT LEAST ONE SENATOR THE "ACCESS HOLLYWOOD"
SENATOR THE "ACCESS HOLLYWOOD" TAPE THAT RECORDED LIMB SPEAKING
TAPE THAT RECORDED LIMB SPEAKING LEWDLY ABOUT WOMEN MIGHT HAVE
LEWDLY ABOUT WOMEN MIGHT HAVE BEEN A FAKE VOICE.
BEEN A FAKE VOICE. HE OBVIOUSLY ADMITTED IT WAS
HE OBVIOUSLY ADMITTED IT WAS HIM.
HIM. >> THIS POINTS TO A BIGGER
>> THIS POINTS TO A BIGGER PROBLEM, JEFF.
PROBLEM, JEFF. IF ANYTHING, HE DEALT WITH
IF ANYTHING, HE DEALT WITH PROBLEMS IN THE 2016 ELECTION
PROBLEMS IN THE 2016 ELECTION WITH FAKE NEWS, FALSE NEWS ON
WITH FAKE NEWS, FALSE NEWS ON FACEBOOK AND THE FRONTIER OF
FACEBOOK AND THE FRONTIER OF THIS IS FAKE VIDEO.
THIS IS FAKE VIDEO. >> YES.
>> YES. >> WHICH I THINK MON OF US MAY
>> WHICH I THINK MON OF US MAY BE PREPARED TO GRAPPLE WITH.
BE PREPARED TO GRAPPLE WITH. >> THAT’S A CHALLENGE FOR
>> THAT’S A CHALLENGE FOR EVERYBODY REPORTING ON THE
EVERYBODY REPORTING ON THE PRESIDENT, REPORTING ON THE
PRESIDENT, REPORTING ON THE CAMPAIGN BUT ALSO A CHALLENGE
CAMPAIGN BUT ALSO A CHALLENGE FOR VOTERS TO DECIDE WHAT THEY
FOR VOTERS TO DECIDE WHAT THEY CAN ACCEPT OR TOLERATE FROM A
CAN ACCEPT OR TOLERATE FROM A LEADER OR CANDIDATE WHO SAYS ONE